fixed rename of the mpsutil.process (#2945)
mbeddr/mbeddr.core: CHANGELOG.md

The format is _loosely_ based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/). The project does _not_ follow
Semantic Versioning and the changes are simply documented in reverse chronological order, grouped by calendar month.

# May 2025

## com.mbeddr.mpsutil.process

### Fixed

> - Fixed rename of idea plugin to com.mbeddr.mpsutil.process

Reviewer: This is unclear. What was the problem and what was the fix?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cleaned up leftovers after the renaming of com.mbeddr.mpsutil.process to com.mbeddr.mpsutil.wizard.
```
